Let's now add some biggish items to our site NEF because right now we only have in the side Neph and
I have a feeling that this is not so useful for that.
Let's switch back to decide enough docs here on our angler material page.
There you can learn more about it and how to change its behavior.
But actually I'm interested in a list data something we haven't used before but I want to render a list
of elements in my side neth.
And actually there is this special navigational list's use case here which gives you a component that
makes sure that your items are really looking beautifully in a navigation list as you can see.
We should use this map nav list component here and then simply put our links inside of it.
Well let's do just that.
We can also by the way create a more complex list items by nesting a math list item inside.
Matt Napoli asked I'll show you both.
So let's add a math nav list component here into our math site nav and let's grab the first link without
the list item just yank or tag and put it in there.
And let's actually add all the links here without the list items as items in this neverless up here.
Well there are a lot of lists items I guess now you can already see I'm getting an error here because
of what did we forget.
We need to import it from material module.
So back to material module we added a new component de-list component.
So we need to import it and the name Asmat list module.
This is imported from at angleworm material and then it's added to imports and also to exports with
that make sure to save all files and go back to your application.
And now if we switch to a smaller screen and we are the side nav we see these items sit next to each
other.
The reason for this is that I simply put a couple of list items next to each other without further setup.
If we go back to our list here you'll see that we need to add this mapped list item selector to our
links though this really registers them as list items in the wrapping mat nationalist component just
putting a bunch of text in there doesn't really you use that correctly.
So let's add this year let's add Man list item to all these links and if we do that and this really
loads deep.
If I open the site again there are no need for each other and they automatically Please notice look
could get a little bit of padding to the left little bit of padding to the top and bottom.
So this is looking good.
And it also works.
You can see the background it changes doesn't close we'll have to work on that but it works for now.
However I want to have an icon next to it.
Now what we could do if we have a look at the official docs is we could of course follow this approach
add a map list item component like this into our map nap list and link it next to it.
Dyken.
However this approach is recommended if you want to have a list item which as it says here has more
than one target.
So you have a link and a button and they do different things.
Then you can still position them in the same line and make it look good by wrapping it with math list
item my case you or I ever I simply want to have a link with an icon inside of it.
And for this I can recommend a different approach here.
I will simply add something inside of my a link and that something will be a mat Iken component here
for Sign-Up Let's say I want to have the face I can I can I selected prior to this recording it'll look
like a face and it's from the material Aikins page and next to it all add a span where I say sign up.
Let's see how it looks.
We go back to our application and I open this.
Now we have sign up with a face next to it.
Now it's a little bit too close for my taste.
So what I can do is I can add a class neth caption maybe name is totally up to you.
Add it to D.C.'s Estival here.
Neph caption and do two things with these spans that hold the captions next to the icons.
First set the display to inline block so that we then can also maybe add padding simply padding left
of six pixels so that if we save all of that go back and open the menu We've got more space in between.
So this is looking good.
And as you can see the I can also gets to color the text gets.
So this is just it.
And it also has this light gray look if we hover over it and with that we can continue working on this
and add icons to all these items and then make sure that when we select an element here we actually
close the site now.
Now of course a good practice for you to do the I can thing shouldn't be too hard.
So please go ahead and search to can you personally like one for log in one for training and assigned
and next to these items.
Once we're done that we'll do the rest together and ensure that this navigation actually gets closed
when we click on an item.
Where are you successful.
Well let's go back to the app component HMO file and let's use this pattern here where we have our anchor
tag we're inside of it.
We're using a Eichen in a span with a class nav caption which will add padding where we use that to
also work on the log in or provide a log in link.
Here I'll use the input I can which I think looks good.
And let's also add a training.
I can hear your all add again Matt I can give Does the fitness center can which I have found which looks
really good.
And also add a span with a class naff caption here where it says training.
Now if we do that and we open the site navigation we get these three different icons.
Now actually there's one more link we could add here and that would be I guess log out link.
Which is more of a button so let's add a button.
Matt I can button where we then add a mat I can check to ikan is quite fitting here where it can also
add a span with Neph caption where I say log out.
Let's take a closer look at how that looks.
I opened this we got this sitting here.
However the issue we now have is that this a button is not an anchor tag with Matt last item.
So what we can try is we can simply add match list item to that button here.
Let's see how that works.
We opened that still doesn't look that good.
So we would we should do is instead try the different approach I showed you earlier.
Use math list item like this.
And now next to the bottom inside there.
So this is how we still see this approach to its approach you should take if you don't have to as well.
Rob simpler approach of just having a link in your list.
If we now open the side if we get the log out button here.
Now we're almost done.
The one thing that's missing is that we actually closed the side.
Now when we click one of these buttons.
So to achieve this we can simply add click listeners to the list items by default angler already handles
clicks and loads the appropriate route.
But we can add extra listeners for example here to the first one I add a click listener and there I
went to close the site that saw the whole site Neph close and what side the half year I'm referring
to the local reference which refers to decide neth.
And with this code if we save this I only added it to sign up.
If I click on sign up it loads a sign up page as I can prove to you and closes the site.
So that's one thing we can now add this to all our items here including the log out button which will
later hook up differently
and with DAPs.
Now we got a navigation that goes out of the way once we load a page.
So this is Deeside now half finished and the general navigation on bigger screens.
We have a different approach though.
The log out is missing here.
Let's quickly add one more where we say log out and where a won't add a router link because I'll later
actually handle this differently.
I will just add a click listener later on.
For now let's go with this approach here though.